# UNT Undergraduate Research Projects (2018 - 2019)

I had the opportunity to work on a couple fun and interesting undergraduate research projects through the University of North Texas's Electrical Engineering Department and Honors College as a TAMS student. As an Undergraduate Research Assistant to Dr. Thomas Miles of UNT's Honors College, I worked on various data science projects related to epidemiology. I was also enrolled in his Honors Quantitative Analysis and Data Visualization course. For my final research project, I analyzed the correlation between various variables (such as the number of chess-related books read, hours of games played, etc.) and skill level in chess using applied statistical methods such as Pearson's Product-Moment Correlation Tests and analysis of boxplots and 3D-Scatterplots generated using R. My project was specifically selected to be published in his Introduction to Data Analysis: An Interactive, Multidisciplinary Approach Textbook (ISBN of 978-0-578-46805-1). I will be distinguished as a contributor once it is officially published. I was also an Undergraduate Research Assistant to Dr. Gayatri Mehta in UNT's Electrical Engineering Department. In this lab, I helped program Untangled 4 -- a game that uses machine learning to analyze human spatial reasoning, intuition, and the ability to recognize patterns and opportunities in complex problems to develop new algorithms that help create circuit schematics for compact wearable devices. I also created engineering-related educational content and storylines to inspire students to pursue STEM.
